you
[Music]
suits
[Applause]
[Music]
you
you got that good good you know when you
stand there it's nothing I can do cuz
you know that I am a blessing face of
all your discontented I just wanna make
you laugh
[Music]
you
as you know the I you my blessing faces
are busy
[Music]
Spock eat up you know I want this string
when you stand there's nothing I can do
as you know that I am powerless in face
about you're discontented I just wanna
make you laugh
[Music]
Sparky up you know Eastern
I just wanna make
[Music]
[Applause]
why'd you stand there lucky me
as you know that is in face you by are
discontented I just wanna make
[Music]
spuqui up you know on Eastern
[Applause]
[Music]
what you stand there Snuppy knocking me
Sparky
[Music]
when you stand there study knock
as you know that is in face you buy a
discontented
[Music]
spuqui up you know Eastern
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
you